Apple is used either adjectively or in combination; as, apple paper or apple-paper, apple-shaped, apple blossom, apple dumpling, apple pudding. Any fruit or other vegetable production resembling, or supposed to resemble, the apple; as, apple of love, or love apple (a tomato), balsam apple, egg apple, oak apple. When the apple was later taken to America, apple pie became very popular, resulting in the phrase "As American as Apple Pie". In the America, apple pie is a favorite dish, leading to the saying "As American as apple pie" and Johnny Appleseed is a celebrated folk hero for planting apple seedlings across Ohio and Indiana. Newton's apple is one example of the 'symbolness' of apples: any object would do, but the familiarity of the apple makes the concept of gravity easier to understand.  About 50 percent of the world apple crop is eaten as fresh fruit, but apples are also used to make juice, cider, jelly, jam, apple butter, applesauce, and hard liquors such as Applejack. Apples are difficult to grow organically, because they are susceptible to numerous pests and diseases, including fungal menaces such as Gymnosporangium rust, apple scab, and black spot, the bacterial disease fireblight, and insect pests such as the plum curlico, the apple maggot, and the codling moth. See Blight, n. -- Apple borer Zool., a coleopterous insect (Saperda candida or bivittata), the larva of which bores into the trunk of the apple tree and pear tree. A very simple love spell that is supposed to strengthen the bond between a couple is this: (NOTE: it must be done between a pre-existing couple or two people who *want* to be a couple and both parties must know its intent, or this enters the VERY dangerous realm of manipulative magic)Take a red apple (any variety) and cut it in half *crosswise*--aka not from top to bottom but across the width of the apple. Apple blight, an aphid which injures apple trees. In Genesis 3, the forbidden fruit from the Tree of Life eaten by Adam and Eve was an apple, as was the Apple of Discord, inscribed by the goddess Eris with the word Kallisti ("To the fairest"), which brought about the Trojan War in Homer's Illiad. -- Apple of love, or Love apple, the tomato (Lycopersicum esculentum). -- Apple of discord, a subject of contention and envy, so called from the mythological golden apple, inscribed "For the fairest," which was thrown into an assembly of the gods by Eris, the goddess of discord. The symbolness of applesAn apple is not only a symbol with many meanings such as love and health, but it also enjoys a special position as a symbol of symbols. [U. S.] -- Apple snail or Apple shell Zool., a fresh-water, operculated, spiral shell of the genus Ampullaria. In later years, Swiss patriot William Tell famously shot an apple off the head of his young son with a crossbow, and Isaac Newton is alleged to have discovered gravity when an apple fell on his head. Growing ApplesApples require a period of dormancy, and thus grow best in regions with a distinct winter, usually in areas between 30° and 60° latitude, either north or south. Pollen management is an important aspect of apple orchard design, as apples cannot self-pollinate and must rely on cross pollination. Apple orchards were very popular in the Middle Ages, owing to the great demand for the apple. Ap"ple (#), v. i. To grow like an apple; to bear apples. Apples are good sources of potassium and Vitamins A and C, resulting in the saying goes: "An apple a day keeps the doctor away -- if you aim it right." -- Apple tree, a tree naturally bears apples. Anything round like an apple; as, an apple of gold. We are more likely to use an apple than any other fruit when we try to exemplify a concept that require some concrete object which really does not need to be specified, but we do so anyway just because it is simpler to give an example and move out of the realm of the abstract. -- Apple fly Zool., any dipterous insect, the larva of which burrows in apples. If they did, it was a very bitter apple -- prehistoric apples were not all that great; in fact, they were very sour. -- Apple butter, a sauce made of apples stewed down in cider. -- Apple corer, an instrument for removing the cores from apples. -- Apple sauce, stewed apples. Breeding new apple trees is challenging, but also fun and interesting, often involving luck or chance. Apples are often touted for their health benefits, as in the proverb, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away." Apple worm Zool., the larva of a small moth (Carpocapsa pomonella) which burrows in the interior of apples. (although i suppose putting up with a  SO's apple computer habit while  one is a pc user is *also* a symbol of love) -- Apple of Peru, a large coarse herb (Nicandra physaloides) bearing pale blue flowers, and a bladderlike fruit inclosing a dry berry. Apple tart, a tart containing apples. Apple drafting (tying two plants together in order to breed them) was begun in 300 B.C. by the ancient Greeks. All of the 30-35 species belonging to the genus malus are properly termed apples, but all table apples belong to a single species, malus domestica, of which there are approximately 10,000 known cultivars. Any tree genus Pyrus which has the stalk sunken into the base of the fruit; an apple tree. Apple brandy, brandy made from apples. Are you not full of worms, my dear apple? Recently, efforts to crossbreed malus domestica with other apple species has increased the promise of developing hardy new species resistant to disease or able to be grown in warmer climes. But both in mythology and "herbology" (althogh plant lore is the better phrase here) the apple fruit stands for love. History and CultureApparently native to the Caucasus region of western Asia, apples may well have been the earliest tree fruit to be domesticated, and has been in constant cultivation since prehistoric times. Apple trees are especially reliant upon insect pollinators, and bees may need to be brought in during pollination season if local bees prove insufficient. Apple varieties range in flavor from very tart to very sweet, with different cultures favoring different flavors. William Tell, a famous Swiss archer, shot an apple off of  his son's head to prove his skill at archery to an evil king. Apples of Sodom, a fruit described by ancient writers as externally of air appearance but dissolving into smoke and ashes plucked; Dead Sea apples. An apple bough hung above a doorframe is supposed to bring peace and love into a house and bless the couple.  Each partner should eat half this apple, or better and stronger and more powerful feed the half to the other.  This leaves two halves of the apple, each with a star formed in the center by the seed (symbolically a pentagram/pentacle). The Apple Tree: It might live for over 100 years and grow to over 40 feet. For more information on this (although this source's reliability is sometimes in question) see Asterix en Suisse.Isaac Newton, famous English physicist, is rumoured to have started the thought process that led to the formulation of the Theory of Gravity when an apple fell on his head. Some apple varieties do not produce enough pollen, and must be interspersed with other varieties that generate high pollen yields.